cast as int bug (#140)
fivetran/dbt_hubspot: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_hubspot v0.17.1
[PR #140](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_hubspot/pull/140) includes the following updates:

## Bug Fixes
- Included explicit datatype casts to `{{ dbt.type_string() }}` within the join of `contact_merge_audit.vid_to_merge` to `contacts.contact_id` in the `int_hubspot__contact_merge_adjust` model.

> For context, the [Nov 2022 release of the Hubspot connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot/changelog#november2022) deprecated the `contact_merge_audit` table in place of storing `calculated_merged_vids` in the `contact` table. Therefore if you do not have the `contact_merge_audit` table, the `vid_to_merge` is derived from the `calculated_merged_vids` in the `contact` table. 

Reviewer: I still don't feel this additional context is all that necessary. November of 2022 was quite a long time ago and I bet we have the majority of customers on this new version. I don't feel we need to call this out in the CHANGELOG.

# dbt_hubspot v0.17.1
[PR #140](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_hubspot/pull/140) includes the following updates:

> ## Under the Hood

Reviewer: I think it would be appropriate to categorize this as a Bug Fix instead of an under the hood change
```suggestion
## Bug Fixes
```

> - In `int_hubspot__contact_merge_adjust`, updates casting of `vid_to_merge` as `{{ dbt.type_int() }}` to `{{ dbt.type_string() }}` in the join of `contact_merge_audit` to `contacts`. Previously, casting only to `int` caused model failures resulting from integer fields that exceeded the range allowed in certain warehouses. In addition, for the case where the `contact_merge_audit` table is not present, the parsed `calculated_merged_vids` from the contact table are outputted as strings, therefore requiring the titular datatype cast in the join.
> 
> For context, the [Nov 2022 release of the Hubspot connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot/changelog#november2022) should not have the `contact_merge_audit` table as that was deprecated in place of storing `property_hs_calculated_merged_vids` in the `contact` table.

Reviewer: This feels quite lengthy and crowded. I believe we can make this a bit more streamlined and direct. What are your thoughts on the following?

```suggestion
- Included explicit datatype casts to `{{ dbt.type_string() }}` within the join of `contact_merge_audit.vid_to_merge` to `contacts.contact_id` in the `int_hubspot__contact_merge_adjust` model.
  - This update was required to address a bug where the IDs in the join would overflow to bigint or be interpreted as strings. This change ensures the join fields have matching datatypes.
```

Author: looks good! I would still add that snippet referring to the nov 2022 api update, so that people reading this who don't have contact_merge_audit table will know it's still relevant, but I'm going to update that part to make it more clear.

Author: update-- never mind, will not mention the nov 2022 api update since it's been a while since then
